You've been scheming since you were a kid
Eating lychees in public
Hmph, it must be homework
Haha grandpa
This is indeed a bit heavier on the art of war
Then say it.
As the so-called military conspiracy
Second penalty
Secondly, punishment
Siege under its banner
Siege
as a last resort
Hahahaha
Good boy, the old man is really wrong
You really don't understand
I suggest you talk about it quickly
How to reduce the casualties of soldiers
Take him fast
First, when the two armies confront each other
We will first send a few people to call horses under the city
What problem?
First, scold his wife
Curse his ancestors again
Then scold the ancestors of Emperor Chu
Force them to send troops to pursue
critical moment
We sent an army out from the side
Defeat it
In the official city
OK
This trick has indeed been used by many generals
But it didn't work very well.
This year, I can serve as a guard of 10%
Hmph, I'm afraid I'm not mediocre
Boy, now I see you are
You're a shitbag with a gold edge, you
Hahaha good boy
You really scared the old man
The old man thinks I really know Ding Fa, hahaha